hey guys so I have a tutorial for you
guys today
I'm going to be glorifying I guess well
applying glitter to my shoes um I copies
black shoes that I wore for my
boyfriend's little sister's quinceañera
and um and my dress well I'll to show
you so this is just a strap of my dress
but it has like these like almost like
purple details and then the silver and
the blue really it really doesn't look
all that great with it so um I was at
Michael's with my little sister saw this
like dark grayish purple leash glitter
and it's from Martha Stewart and it
looks like this this color is really
close to the gym details on my prom
dress so once i saw that i got it um i
also got Mod Podge um and it says use on
all surfaces and then just spray on top
to hold everything together I got triple
thick brilliant gloss glaze from deco
art just because I don't want glitter
falling off of me the whole night yeah
so that's that's pretty much the intro
kind of long but um yeah I hope you guys
enjoy this video and find it helped you
and thanks so much for watching bye ok
so I'm taking scotch tape and I am
putting that all over the parts of the
shoe that I don't want to get glitter on
so I'm doing the platform of my shoe and
also the heel and then I put trash bags
in the inside so that I don't get
glitter inside the shoe and now i am
putting the my posh on my shoe and i am
applying it very thickly and then you
just sprinkle the glitter on
and just keep doing that until your
whole shoe is filled with glitter
glitter and yeah I am doing it again on
the other shoe oops it ripped and then
also shake off the extras my trip done
and then I sprayed clear gloss over the
entire shoe still leaving the tape on
just to seal them and then I peeled all
of the tape off
and it makes a pretty clean line I think
they turned out quite lovely
Here I am taking it off of the platform
of the shoe thanks ever i'm having some
troubles
you can dock at the bottom and then
afterwards you just kind of wipe off the
extra glitter and then take the trash
bags out and throw those away and Here I
am cleaning out the insides of all the
glitter cuz it's messy there's my
brother in the background without a
shirt on
you